# Eval <> RocketPD Stand Up 1 Transcript

Eval <> RocketPD Stand-Up - Scale to $1M in Sales - August 15 VIEW RECORDING - 86 mins (No highlights): --- 0:00 - Matthew Krasnow Gearing up for some sales, on track to close this first deal with Noble Schools. Ryan, you want to introduce yourself? 0:09 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Yeah, how's it going, guys? 0:11 - Ryan Delfico So I joined about two months ago, part of the partnership squad, and yeah, hopefully we get Noble closed. We'll see.  But it's been fun so far. It's been a good ride. 0:25 - John Gamba He's humble, dude. He's faster than Michael Phelps. 0:29 - Ryan Delfico You know that, right? Yeah, I wish. I wish. John, I don't know. We're going to get John out in the pool.  We're going to test his speed, too. So we're going to get that going. Older I get. I was. 0:39 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) John goes for distance, though, I hear. I guess we're doing a distance race. 0:43 - Ryan Delfico I wonder if I could take Ryan in a distance swim. I wonder, not speed, I wonder if I could just outdo. 0:55 - John Gamba Could I? You can't. You don't think I could go, you don't think that he'd stop at. Three miles. 1:01 - Matthew Krasnow All I'm saying is when we, so I've known Ryan my whole life, and he was the number one when he was eight.  I don't say that. When he was eight, the number one swimmer in the country. So we would go and be at the, like, do these, like, little kid races and , and then he'd be just dusting everyone. 1:22 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Then what happened? Ryan, let's do the English Channel, dude. 1:32 - John Gamba That'd be sick. 1:34 - Ryan Delfico I'll do, I'll do anything. I'll do, I'll do whatever you want. As long as Will's part of it, too, Will's got to be part of it.  I told Will he's got to do it. 1:41 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Corey, we'll be on the boat. By the way, I'm going to look this up. 1:46 - John Gamba There's a famous distance swim. We should set this goal. If we can beat a million dollars in ARR, I'm about to say something. 1:59 - Ryan Delfico I personally. We'll foot. 2:01 - John Gamba Ooh. Ooh. 2:03 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Oh, here we go. 2:04 - John Gamba There's a famous, there's a famous distance swim that I'll do, and I think that Ryan could win. I'll do it.  Ryan wins. Corey and Jesse sits at the finish line with margaritas to wait for him to come up. That sounds about my state.  John's kits. That'd be sick. We all start training a little. I just want to finish it because it's distance and I'm not in shape.  Ryan wins it, and we do a team retreat. Can we just go straight to the retreat and the margaritas? 2:43 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Yeah. We'll send you the trip to the emergency room. I'm down. I'm totally down for that. All right. 2:51 - John Gamba I'm going to look it up and I'm going to find out and we'll make it a, we'll make it our part of our goal. 2:55 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Ryan, is this, is this Noble, Indiana or a school or a district? Who's Noble? This is Noble. You're Chicago, right, Will? 3:03 - Matthew Krasnow It's Chicago. It's Noble Schools, but specifically ITW Spear. So it's our first Noble Charter School. Chicago. I think we did this, Jesse.  There's another Noble out there that you know, but I think it's a different one. Well, I mean, I know there's like a Noble Indiana Public Schools. 3:20 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Charter, cool. Awesome. Nice. What are they paying? $2,500? $2,000? $2 yeah. Nice. $2,500, baby. 3:28 - Matthew Krasnow All right. So, John, if we're going to do this, we've got to hit a million ARR. And if we're going to do that, we've got to do this meeting here.  I'm stoked to have everyone here. Corey, I'm stoked also for a lot of your thoughts. Jesse and I have a ton of insights from the week.  I have a million thoughts. And Matt also put together a research proposal for how we can really ground some of this launch plan work.  I from I from I from from audience. I have have ton a a ton insights I have a of Thank  Corey, I'll let you run the show, but, and I'm looking at this agenda here, maybe we could just take a second and just iron out specifically what we're going to be doing here today in the order, and then jump into it.  Does that sound good? Corey, think you're muted. 4:18 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) It does. I lost my agenda for some reason. 4:20 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Let me pull it back up. All right, I'm going to share this so everyone's looking at the same thing.  I'm going to try to keep these agendas. That is not the agenda. it is. Okay. I'm going to try to keep this short and sweet.  These agendas, you guys can add to them as I send them around. I see you've already done that. So, again, we can tick through this.  Like, I don't know how you guys typically operate, but I don't like to spend too much time on anything.  I feel like if you get above, above 10 minutes on any topic, you're probably talking yourself in circles. So, I try to keep these short and sweet.  I think each week... We're going to want to talk first about low-hanging fruit, which is stuff that came out of deals or deals that are on the precipice and need to get closed, right?  And then I think we can start talking about what are we learning from those conversations we're having. This is just high level, and then we can get into the specifics, right?  You put some other things in here, Will, on price, and I want to talk about price for a second, too, because we're putting together a pipeline that we're looking at on our end for the deals that we're working, which we'll start to share in this meeting, but I don't feel like the pricing is right just yet to share that.  We have the messaging framework, which you and I have been going back and forth on, Will, which I want to talk about because I think we've been getting some really good feedback from customers.  You know, we're really talking about relationships and sort of the, human sandwich that goes into teacher evaluations and how we emphasize the relationship piece.  So we'll talk about that. Regional centers is huge. really is the linchpin of Our entire strategy, I'm going to share something with you guys in a minute around the cohort-based approach.  And let's see what else. Product, you know, I think we'll always want to have some product updates on this call, particularly as we're learning from customers.  What I love is how agile you guys are and this thought that we can stand up product updates pretty quickly.  The roadmap seems to be pretty malleable and we're learning so much around not just teacher evaluation, but even other verticals where this could be useful, like special education, I know has come up and we can talk about that as well.  So that's just high-level, kind of how we'll structure these meetings, right, big picture in the beginning, you know, being very focused in the beginning around deals, starting to talk more big picture as we move through the conversation on different initiatives that we have going, and then finally looking at the product and how the feedback that we're getting from the marketplace.  This is playing into that roadmap. Corey, I love it. 7:06 - Matthew Krasnow I really want to spend some time with the launch plan. So let's try and get there quick. Because as you said, that's the real, the big thing here.  Yeah, sweet. Let's jump in. I also added a bunch of stuff this morning to the messaging framework. So we can get into that too.  Sweet. I meant to ask you guys real quickly. 7:30 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I have a, he's actually was sitting across the table from me here. So our designer that we use at RocketPD, he's, you know, he's worked for Forbes, Washington Post.  He did all the branding for [homes.com](http://homes.com/). He's a pretty successful dude. And like, I don't know what you guys have on tap for design, or if you're thinking about redoing the website or any of that stuff, but he could certainly help with it.  I was going to have him take a stab because I'm sitting with him this weekend on a graphic. around contextualized sort of engineering and what that looks like.  So just know that I'm working on that. If you guys feel like you need design help on the front end for the website and stuff, let me know and I can talk to him about it.  Super helpful, Corey. 8:17 - Matthew Krasnow Very possible. It would be cool to have him also sync up with our design guy, too. I don't know if that's a too many cooks scenario.  And then also, as you talk to him, too, we are – I do want to redo our website, like really get into it.  And I think when we get to the branding and the messaging work, we'll see that there's a lot of really cool changes.  And that's why I want to get this today was you start talking to him so you have that and we're in line.  Yeah. 8:46 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Awesome. Sweet. 8:49 - Matthew Krasnow Thank you, Corey. Deal updates. Jesse, what do we got, man? You want to kick us off? can fill in.  Sure. 8:57 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Am I not muted? Cool. mean – I see our path to the first 10 deals between, you know, sort of what's in, committed, and coming.  So I think as Corey presents this plan, Westport, Somerset, Berkeley, Mannheim, North Brookfield, Plymouth, Slate Valley, Elksbridge, Stoughton, Dighton, Rehoboth.  Like that's the... This is our tracker that we're looking at internally, guys. 9:27 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Pay no attention, I think, yet to, like I said, E and F. I'm still massaging those numbers, Jesse, based on what you told me yesterday.  But, you know, we're just trying to get a sense as we run through, you know, what's going on in the pipeline that we're working.  You know, we typically create a probability scale for all of these deals, and we typically weight all of these values.  Again, I don't think my numbers are quite right, so don't pay attention to those just yet, but they'll be right by next week.  I think what you can see here, again, is the tracker that Jesse's... Talking about, it's nice that we have a couple of contracts sent.  Of course, we closed one, but you're starting to see these proposal requests come in. And as they do, those probability to close start to go up, which is excellent.  And we want to see everybody at 50 or above at a certain point, unless they're a meeting that is only in prospecting.  I love it. Can I have access to that? 10:26 - Matthew Krasnow You can. I'm going to make, this is our master. 10:29 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) So you see other products down here at the bottom. I'll make one plus for, for Swift School. Sweet. Sweet. 10:36 - Matthew Krasnow I love it. Great. Give me a minute to just tweak the values because I don't think they're right. 10:43 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Yeah, that's totally fine. 10:44 - Matthew Krasnow Yeah, some of the numbers, you know, we'll get our arms around here shortly as we get these documents together.  And, and Jesse, like, I don't know how this compares. There, obviously you have a ton more experience selling. Yeah.  With many other tools. But as far as I can tell, I mean, the pitch is connecting, right, man? Like, this is like even pre-messaging, even pre-building out these new features, all of these things, like it seems that people are pretty interested, right? 11:19 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) We're hitting on a, you know, timing, relevance, pain. I think it's always interesting to see how the school year, you know, how a product ebbs and flows with the rises and tides of the school year.  So we're in sort of this phase across the country where, like, on the left side, districts are sort of already up and running and schools are in session.  And Oklahoma started this week. Like, so some schools have been in schools for a few weeks and others are, like, getting started this week.  Some won't go back to school until after, you know, Labor Day. And that's what I think we have here in Massachusetts.  So you've got great relationships, a place where administrators are still on summer break or away, like summer break away or working and getting stuff done.  And this is going to be a problem for them come October when they have to start evaluating people. I don't know what happens come September, October.  Are they going to disappear and go into hiding? And, you know, because of the timing, you know, Corey, we see constantly this sort of, you know, budget issue.  I think September, October. excuse not to move deals forward. 12:35 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) so, but this is tells me September, October is a good time, actually. I think that where we start to lose them as you get deeper into the spring.  But I think where we can really start to have a lot of impact. Because we just got off the call with a call with Michael Hinojosa, who's the former superintendent in Dallas ISD.  And we're putting together a cohort of superintendents. It's for him probably about 20 namesake cities around the country where we're going to have tremendous reach into these districts in doing so.  And what he told us was, hey, guys, like the next two weeks, meaning this week and next week, are the worst time of year for superintendents.  The week following, the third week out from now, two weeks out from now, right, is the best week, the best month, because now they've got all their principals stood up.  They've got their buildings stood up. They've got a little breathing room. And if you want to talk to a superintendent, that's the best time.  I didn't know that until like literally last week. I'm doing this for 20 years, you know, so that was just a little bit of insight.  But so I do think Jesse's right about the rising ebbs and tides of the school year. But like it depends on who you're talking to.  Superintendents are going to be very available to you in the very beginning of the year after they get everybody stood up and back.  And then some of. Those administrators who are getting people going are going to be more available to you after the first two weeks of students being back because now they've got their charges up and moving.  So that's kind of the kind of stuff you need. and then you start to bump into other challenges, right? 14:14 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Like once schools are up and running and they're available for a little bit of time, then they're, all right, well, what's happening to, what's that first break, Thanksgiving?  Yeah, share two seconds. All sorts of activities. 14:25 - John Gamba Share two seconds, Jesse, on who Hinoza is. 14:29 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I mean, Corey, would give you a much better sense, but former Dallas superintendent came up through like extremely humble, extremely humble beginnings, made his way to become the Dallas superintendent, left, became the superintendent in Cobb County, Georgia, which is, you know, as big, if not bigger than Dallas, I think, probably, and then went back to Dallas.  So, you know, it almost never happens. This guy had two runs in Dallas and has had a wildly successful.  know, that and But career. Corey has spent a ton of time with him. He's a guy we've sold to, or we have tried to sell to.  He's been on panels at ERDI in presentations. He is an interesting character and figure. He keeps talking about running for mayor in Dallas.  Corey's developed this program around this thing that he's building, and you know, had him in the studio for what, half a day, day, Corey, filming what became this sort of masterclass video of him.  And we've helped sort of build this go-to-market strategy around this consulting business that he's propping up. So in addition to bringing these 20 superintendents together every other month for an hour, and then for a day in person, you know, they're going out and promoting this, you know, superintendent transition service,  I'm a district in crisis service, and I want to be a district that goes from good to great. like, that's, you know, I'll be quiet, because Corey says it so much better.  I think the upshot here. How was that, Corey? You're getting there. 16:14 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I think the upshot here is, and I was talking to our friends at Digital Promise about this yesterday. The upshot here is this.  For too long, EdTech has tried to create product and try to find a community for it. It's very difficult to create product and push it into a community.  What Dr. Hinojosa and others are doing, or they're forming these communities, we are, and we're right there inside, right?  So instead of trying to create product and push it into a community, we are creating these communities, we're listening to their needs, and then we're servicing them with product.  And that's what these types of groups, like what Dr. Hinojosa are enabling us to do. That's what this cohort-based selling model I'm going to share in a minute is going to enable us to do.  All of these strategies are around. Getting to the people who can make the decisions, forming relationships with them, and then beginning to sell from the inside out.  So for this cohort here, is this an opportunity for SwissFore? 17:13 - Matthew Krasnow Yeah, I think so. 17:14 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Well, that's the beauty of what we're doing. So basically what Doc has done or is starting to do, and we've helped him with it.  You see the website I pulled up, we made this for him. So, you know, we're deeply embedded in his operation.  You see some of the superintendents who are listed here, these are the people who are serving with him. And then we have this group of 20 we've pulled together, who's now going to become, you know, a marketing opportunity for this particular group.  And I think where it gets really interesting is as he's building his pipeline and he's serving districts, what he's doing is going in and advising them what they need to do to get their boards right, what they need to do to get their strategic planning right, and where they're initiating.  initiatives are primary, what they need to do to make sure that those initiatives succeed. And so they come in, they provide a plan, and what we see is an opportunity to say, you've provided a plan, now what are you leaving behind to make sure that that plan is well executed on?  Well, you probably should be leaving behind an AI-powered teacher evaluation solution. You probably should be leaving behind something that allows them to make sure they're compliant if their challenge is special ed.  You probably should be leaving behind something that enables them to engage their staff and retain their staff, et cetera, and so on.  Corey, Corey, this is exciting. 18:37 - Matthew Krasnow This is super exciting because it ties into a little bit of the conversations we had in terms of how our tool can build up into the soup.  And really, when we get to speed of implementation of your strategic framework, empowered through teacher observation, evaluation, and coaching, right?  And that C is where you'll find here, which is  sick. It's pretty... Cool. 19:00 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) So all this stuff is coming together. I don't want to derail us. Let me go back to the agenda.  But yeah, Hinojosa is great. I think he's building this thing. He's committed to it. And nobody in the world has a larger Rolodex of superintendents than Hinojosa.  And the coolest thing, 43 people who have worked for him have become superintendents at districts that have 20,000 or more students.  That's crazy. Which is insane. And so he gave me this list and I have it. I'm one of these that I'll share with you.  It's like my, it's like my prize possession. It's the thing when I worked for venture-backed SaaS that like the CEO would pay a million dollars for.  And it's this color-coded list of all the superintendents whose names and texts he has. And he has it color-coded by this person will text me back in less than a minute.  This person will text me back in 10 minutes or less. And this person will text me back in an hour or less.  Matt says it. 20:02 - Matthew Krasnow Cool, cool. Amazing. Can we move on to, I moved, I had some other stuff, I pushed it down, interest time, customer conversations, learnings.  John, Jesse, anything to add in terms of new insights you have? 20:22 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Well, I mean, I think this IEP thing, the anxiety and consternation that people have over reporting what goes on in the classroom is like a pain in the , like we shouldn't even mention it to people, like, you know, or lead with it, you know.  But figuring out how to turn all of these objections into objectives, I think, is a great goal and to lead with it.  And then I think in particular, Corey, know, sort of hit it, and we've been talking about it, this idea of it's not the technology.  It's the relationship. And when there's a trusting relationship and rapport, then this all becomes a lot easier. And then the contrast that to the IEP enthusiasm that people had around the product was using it to evaluate IEP team meetings, which are essentially meetings with everybody who supports this kid, including the parents.  And so the district, as a CYA, will record those meetings. It's like you'll record those meetings, but you won't record what goes out in the classroom in the name of getting better.  But then the use case like, well, I have this recording feature. Can I model and transcribe what a great classroom, what great classroom teaching looks like?  Can I record that for like training purposes? I don't have to evaluate it. So, I don't know, just lots of, I think, interesting conversations.  People are all feeling the pain. It's different everywhere. I think that's one thing that I have found is, like, they're using the Massachusetts framework, but they all have a different process for what this thing looks like in their building or in their districts.  And I think a lot of it has to do with the resources that they have. So, anyway, that's some of my...  Analysis, off the cuff, on the fly. I'm with you, Jesse. I think there's a really cool opportunity to align. 22:38 - Matthew Krasnow I love the objective to objectives. And tap into different funding sources, right? Like, one of the things we heard was with Mike from NB Schools, Karen Uxbridge, like, they might be like, yeah, we don't have any money.  And then you say IEP, and they're like, oh, we have money for that. So, being able to, and as John would say, right, like, not a new...  tool, right, an add-on to the existing tool, the same flow, simple, not even charging more, right, but just being able to accommodate for this new use case and tap into these other funds.  So to be able to be really versatile in how we sell and what we dip into, I think, is a huge opportunity for this IAP thing.  And then one of the things, too, that Jesse and I were talking about throughout the week was this IAP use case is not going to be the only unique use case for Swiftscore, right?  Like, our tool essentially just takes raw data and converts it into NextS, right? So, like, there are so many use cases, which makes it so exciting.  And I think that what we can do is, when we do this larger cohort thing, one of the ideas that Jesse and I had was subbing this down into certain sub-cohorts.  So it's like if we can bring together, hey, this is the IEP-focused cohort, we're going to bring Michael together, we're going to bring Karen, we're going to bring Stacy from Plymouth or whoever's interested, and then using that for them to feed off each other's excitement and use case, but then also as a product dev engine for alignment towards this tool and say freaking organized with it, I think would be a really cool opportunity. 24:22 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Again, that whole idea, if you could pull it out and say that it's contextualized engineering, right, it's all the data, whatever you put in the funnel, it's all the data, it's the frameworks, and then it is all of the contextualized information from your organization that you have put together into one tremendous output, whether that is for evaluation purposes or IEP or family engagement, you know, whatever it is, the ability to do that should be exciting to you, and if you can pick your problem and I can prescribe the solution to you, you know, it should be game over.  to your point, And about money, I think that someone told me a long time ago, whenever anybody tells you, we don't have the funding for this, we like it, but we don't have the funding for this right now, all that is code for is I don't see the value.  Because we know that in every bucket, there is money. And if they see the value for it to solve their problem in that bucket, they will apply it to your solution.  And I think that if we can demonstrate that value, depending on the vertical, where the challenge lies, we should be very successful. 25:32 - Matthew Krasnow I'm going to say one final thing, which is I'm going to leave as an open question to Corey and Jesse, which is in that spirit of tapping into different buckets.  And when we talk about the cohort thing, if there's a way we can tap into a PD budget to engage and use SWIFT score, but engage in this larger cohort, because it's actually PD for the educators taking part in it.  I mean, that would be freaking sick. I don't know. be. 26:00 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) PD. Money is to me a strange thing because like they can apply it in different places. Right now, we just got a whole bunch of money and people are flying into PD because we got the $6 million. 26:12 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) They're also waiting on a lot of others though. They're also waiting on a lot of other funding sources too.  So it's like, there'll be a wave with that too. 26:19 - Matthew Krasnow But I do think if we can check off, if we had a list, right, of like, so you want to buy swiftscore, which bucket can you fill into, right?  And it's like, we have this Swiss Army now. Yeah, we've done this. 26:33 - John Gamba So myself and others have done matrices with like Prisms, Muzum, and others that said, here's what the ESSER funds, right?  Which was $190 billion, right? This was when it was crazy. Here's how swiftscore aligns to each of those line items.  And we actually give that to the superintendent when they're considering it. Yeah. That's amazing. It's beautiful. We can work on that, yeah.  And I just put in Title II of NCLB, No Child Left Behind. It's still held up at the moment.  It is held up, but it probably won't be, and it's designated for professional learning. So Title I tends to be technology for underrepresented schools.  Title II tends to there's a lot of money put into family engagement and communication, Will. 27:26 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) districts will give money back because they don't know what the F to do with it. It's bananas. 27:33 - John Gamba We're getting derailed. I'm sorry about that. But just know that these strategies of being able to not dictate to districts how to fund this, but to share resources on how they could consider it is something that we do.  Yeah, where they, it's a mapping exercise, right? 27:53 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Where they see their challenge is where we should try to move them to find the funding. Because as long as they see the.  Challenge, they will find the funding. they think it's new or additive or different or derails them from whatever, they're going to say, we don't have the money for that.  Right. 28:11 - Matthew Krasnow So we can map that for them. And that's something that we can certainly do. 28:15 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I do want to talk about this cohort-based strategy. I got very excited in thinking about this. Jesse and I, the light bulb just like went off as he was texting people in real time about this notion.  We have a lot of folks who come to us with this idea that like, hey, new technology? I don't know.  You know, I like the idea, but it's risky. Maybe we should do a pilot. And like every time we hear pilot, like our eyes start to roll because what happens with the pilot?  They say, well, Jesse's reaction might be, well, what are you thinking? Right. And they say, well, we think two schools or three schools before you know it, you're walking out of there with like $3,000, maybe.  And you have to resell it again to get to the full implementation. It's taking a tremendous amount of resources out of our organization to get those things going.  We don't even know if they're going to stick. And the light bulb went off, which said, we're doing this all wrong.  Rather than try to get these people into these pilots that they run, let's get them into a cohort that we're running that stood up as a learning exercise for them.  That removes the risk for them because now they're coming into a cohort with other groups of people. We set the floor on price.  So we feel like the entry fee is the entry fee, depending on the size of your district. We know that we can sustain that and that it's valuable to us.  And meanwhile, they get the benefit of coming together with these other groups of learning, of telling their administrators that they're ahead of the AI game because they're a part.  part of this cohort and they're saying, you know, it's no risk to us, we don't have to implement this solution, but we know because they're part of this cohort that they will.  So long story short, this is kind of what we're thinking. I'm going to share this with the group, but I want to go down to goals, right?  We want to accelerate deals and we want to increase close rates. Jesse's got, just scroll all the way down, scroll back up in a second, but where is it?  I think there's 13 different districts that we've been talking to already who have indicated that they would be interested in potentially participating in a pilot.  As we've been texting them about this cohort idea, they've all said, that sounds great. We would love to have access to additional information about the cohort.  We love the idea of getting together with other districts, learning from them, getting an inside track on the research that's coming out of that and being able to share that with our administration.  So now it's a win-win for both sides. What I'd like to suggest is that we start thinking about standing up a fall cohort.  We get a minimum of 12 districts in. You know, the secret sauce here is we always have more space, but we always tell people we barely have any space at all.  And, you know, if we have to stand up another cohort, we stand up another one. But let's figure out what the floor is on price for entry, depending on size of district. 31:30 - Matthew Krasnow You know, a dozen of these down, Jesse. 31:32 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) And then we'll need to figure out what the outputs are in terms of what we're giving the districts in terms of the research so that they can share that back with their administration and what we're giving them in terms of the ability to collaborate and learn from other people as a part of this experience.  But rather than tick through this whole document that I've created here, I'll share this with you guys and maybe we can just operationalize around it on the next goal.  I put and again, I don't know because you guys. We're having the conversations, but I put $4,995 to $6,995 entry fee based on district size.  I didn't know if that felt palatable or if that was too high or too low. 32:11 - John Gamba I think we should do it by number of schools. 32:14 - Matthew Krasnow And Matt's going to – Matt, I want Matt to present too because – and I will just say, Corey, like I'm so in love with this for all the reasons you said.  I want to structure this to really be like a serious study, like a serious study, man. Like you look at this and this is not just company fluffing up their own tool.  Like this is a real study and we use this for product dev. I don't know if we could do – I like the idea of two school minimum.  Ideally, there's counterparts. 32:47 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I think you need to get it down to the individual building for the purposes of the study because, you know, with a large district, you could, you know, get them to send four schools like Scottsdale did.  Like that's what I think we should present to Plymouth. But when you get a North Brookfield with – Two schools are Karen with four schools, you know, particularly in these small, where we're playing at least, I think to, you know, unless we could show enough value to that two schools with this research study and all that's coming with the other stuff that, you know, the five grand is not a big lift. 33:22 - Matthew Krasnow Jesse, what if it's two schools or 20%, or it's 20% adoption for larger, and then for the folks who are 20% doesn't make sense, it's two schools, right? 33:36 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) So you want to do a small and a medium-large kind of bucket, right? Say for small, it's two school minimum.  For medium to large, 20% adoption. 33:49 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I think we just want to make it flexible and easy for the district, regardless of their size, to say, I got one principal that wants to do this.  Here's a school. And, you know. And then maybe it's whatever that floor is, and then it gets a little bit less if there's something two, three, four, whatever. 34:06 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) that's my point, is what I don't want to get involved in is letting them dictate. Like, there's got to be a floor to this.  Yeah. 34:14 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I'm not just bringing everybody in, that's the whole point of not doing a pilot. 34:17 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Could we turn to Matt for the research now? 34:21 - Matthew Krasnow Because I think this would ground what makes sense for us, too. Or, Corey, is there more you want to talk about?  No, no, I think you guys got the gist. I'll share this document. 34:30 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Feel free for the comments in it. mean, the upshot is like, we're doing this all wrong. The light bulb went off, right?  Let's stop letting people do their own pilots. Let's create a collaborative. We can sell the value of that collaborative back to the districts.  allows us to set the floor, keep control of the deal, and then to make sure that those people are getting enough value along the way to increase the probability of a longer-term deal in that district and with that relationship.  It's a win-win. I mean, I'm one thing on top of that. 35:01 - Matthew Krasnow Which is if we can make this, let's say it's for the leader, right? Let's say it fails. Let's say SwiftScore sucks.  It's still a win for them. And of course, SwiftScore won't suck, right? But it's totally de-risking the whole thing because we frame this as they're dipping their toe in this whole AI thing, learning, making them and their district look like a forward thinker, right?  Like this is one of the things Jesse and were talking about when we were talking about with the ESCs and how to get them bought in, right?  Because they're not quite using the tool. But we want this to make them look good because they're engaging in this future research-backed study.  So if there's a way we can put it in that way too, where part of the offer itself is just to engage.  Right. New technology is scary. 35:47 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Everyone's scared about this, but we figured out a way to take the fear out of it. Let's get together in this collaborative and have a conversation that is without risk, where you can get the benefit of all of the information, good and...  Fathom take this back to your school district to understand the implications of this evolution in your community. It's a different conversation entirely. 36:11 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) You know, the other thing, too, know, let's not forget, Corey, one of the big selling advantages in the cohort model is, you know, we're better together, we're strong, you know, the more the barrier, right?  So getting districts to suggest, you know, just come with one person, you got to bring at least a couple of people to this experience.  Maybe that plays into then, well, how many schools are they, how many schools are they? Yeah, I think that's what you use to set the floor.  Exactly. 36:37 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Look, you know, the floor is, we were thinking one, two, well, you know, the floor for this cohort is this.  So let's bring them, if they're there and they want to do this, let's bring them up to the floor, bring them up to the floor.  It's, it's, it's a way for us to get people where we need them to be in order to be successful financially as well. 36:57 - John Gamba So I got one question before Matt jumps in, Corey. 37:01 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Are you imagining cohort in the sense of, you know, they're signing up for the technology and the research and the community, but that they're also going to do like five 90-minute sessions over five weeks?  Or is that not? And then who would do that? Is that, you know? So I don't know yet. I think we need to figure that out.  I don't think it's five 90-minute sessions necessarily in the way we've traditionally done. 37:32 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Just get the RocketPD cohort model out of your mind. This is a cohort in the sense that we're bringing a group together.  We need to decide how to service that group so that there is a value proposition that makes sense. Is it five 90-minute sessions?  Probably not. That doesn't make sense. It's just a group of people. And we are sharing research and data with that group.  We're sharing outputs with that. That group, it is a safe space, right? And we're giving them something at the end of the rainbow that they can take back to their administration to say, we have done our due diligence on this topic.  This is the right move for us. We need to keep expanding in this way. Let's hear from Matt. 38:22 - Matthew Krasnow Yeah, sounds like you guys pretty much kind of nailed it. Pretty much exactly what I was going to say is very much aligned with this kind of research cohort.  And kind of what I've done here is plan out and a little bit formalize these kind of ideas and bring it into some structure.  So really, like, what, if we're doing research on this, what are our research goals? What do we want to get out of this?  Timelines, implementation plans, and then how do we make this all, you know, bulletproof? Robust and really make it so that we're just doing research on the tool, not necessarily just fluffing it, we're just getting into this is something that helps teachers, right?  So main goal, how do we, how does eval affect teacher growth while saving principals time? You know, so the way I always think about doing this is per school district, we've got matched pairs.  One school is using eval and another school is not. And we can have as many matched pairs within that district as we can.  who are essentially, we're able to see the differences between within that school district of how the teachers are progressing over six to 18 month time period to see the effect that eval is having on teacher growth.  So really, this is pretty ideal, where we could have pretty much a mostly randomized control study with pairs, where we can see these effects of eval, which I'm going to jump in real quick, which means we would be asking these districts not only to give us people using eval, but to give us the people not using it.  Which, again, is that you can see the pro-con there. I like it. But anyways, go on. Yeah. And then, yeah, the pro-con there, it's pretty easily is like, yeah, scientifically, that's great.  And that's really a very clear way of showing improvement or, yeah. So then that's kind of like phase A, I would say, is like that parallel match pairs. 40:49 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Is there a way to combat whether or not the person, the site that isn't using it is using nothing versus like ChatGPT or something else?  Yeah. Yeah. So I would say, yeah, probably. 41:00 - Matthew Krasnow probably, probably, um... would probably, um... Kind of what I built out for that is consistent surveying. So we're going to see, we got to follow up exactly on what they're using, how they're building these, and then actually having that data.  So having their notes and their evaluations to see how they're doing things and then consistent follow-ups with principals and teachers throughout the entire course for both.  So you've got kind of the Venn diagram coming together, right? 41:27 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) It is the people who are not doing anything for teacher eval, people that are using perhaps AI-assisted teacher eval that is not SWIFT score, and then people that are using SWIFT score and what that would look like.  That would be pretty slick. And I would challenge you guys as you're thinking about this, for the cohort-based experience, this is what we need to model, right?  Like, what are we going to be asking people to do as a condition of their participation? And then what are we going to be delivering to them as a result of that engagement?  you. you. you. you. you. Thank And I think if we can map that out, Will, over the next week, we can start to take that to these 13 or so that we've got pretty much on the hook and see if we can stand up this cohort pretty quickly.  And you guys are probably going to have to, it seems like you do, you're going to have to work pretty quickly to get some of these data sets in place and have a place to, you know, put this information in and start to get outputs.  But if we could start to tell these districts exactly, to Jesse's point, you he was bringing up, are you going to do the 90 minutes?  Well, that's the RocketPD experience. I don't think we even need to, like, consider that. Let's just consider the best possible experience for people in this cohort.  What are we going to need them to do? What are we asking them to do in hopes and what are they going to get out of whatever we're asking them to do?  And if we can map that out over the next seven days, I think we can put together a, you know, a sort of one sheet that we can take back to these districts, get them into the cohort, use that.  That scarcity that you talked about and build this thing pretty quickly. We just need to be ready to roll once we do it.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it too, Matt. 43:11 - John Gamba I just put in chat a very inexpensive, very low volume, quick, but nicely published research report from PeopleBench and PennGSE on doing exactly what we were just talking about, which is a very light, random-controlled trial, a couple of essential questions, stress-testing the resilience tracker in, like, four or five districts, which were actually schools because the districts were so small, and it just came out as, you know, representative.  It really wasn't. It was a light report, but it was, it substantiated PeopleBench's claim to say that they had done research to measure the efficacy, measure the, have evidence of effectiveness of  This tool, and it's a pretty good, well-formatted report. Now, for you, Matt, I know you want it to be representative, and you don't want it to be BS, but just consider that as another model. 44:15 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I'm wondering if you- I also think you got to think about not just what you're asking the district to do, but what are we going to give them in return that they could bring to the highest levels?  Like, they might decide this is going to be something they're going to present to their board. So whether it's, you know, here's What are we asking to do in region? 44:37 - Matthew Krasnow Every participant should walk away with not only the results of the cohort, right, but for their own district, right? 44:47 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I think their own district, their own district, their own district, the region, because I think Corey and I are thinking about the places we're going to be bringing this thing to.  And then if you thought about all of these- Bye Samples, schools, districts being a single district, I got to imagine, like, if I was the superintendent of this national or group of schools around the country, I would want to see, like, what are the emerging trends and themes that are coming out of all of these different, right?  Without adding time for them. That's the kill shot. 45:24 - John Gamba So making their, having there be promotional value for them to be featured in the news without them having, additional time that they'd have to allocate.  That's the ultimate. Well, yeah, the ultimate is you engage in this thing. 45:37 - Matthew Krasnow Some of your schools had access to eval, and at the end of this cohort, you get this beautiful three-page book saying, here's what happened with the whole national study.  Here's what happened in your region, and here's what happened with your district, and here's what you should do based on your unique context, right?  Yeah, how to talk about it, yeah. And in, Corey, and show these people on these calls, here's what you're going to get by engaging in this .  But, you know, that is pretty, pretty. We need to know what the value coming out of this thing. 46:04 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) And Jesse, the sales point is right there. That's the best thing. It's like, oh, yeah, you were just telling me you can't get involved in this because it's scary.  So you want to just do a couple of schools here. We've taken the scary out of it. Now you can go back to your district and say, we participated in this cohort because we knew this was scary.  We wanted to get out ahead of it and look at all of the information that we have as a result.  And nobody has been at risk throughout this entire process. The interesting thing, yeah. 46:33 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) And the other thing, too, Corey, I think this idea of, like, before the conversation was about buying a subscription to a piece of software, but now it's part of, like, PD and training and, you know, research project. 46:47 - Matthew Krasnow And so here's a question for Corey and Matthew, too, which is, how do we phase this? Because the fall cohort, do you want to stand up, Corey, a fall cohort, which is really, that would be quick, right?  We could totally do that. But I also want to gear up. For like a bigger one, right? Like, Jesse, can imagine going to these calls and being like, this is the larger thing.  So I'm wondering if it's like, here's the, I would, you get it. 47:15 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Regional cohorts roll into the national cohort. So even though you're not time bound, right? We have these regions that are popping.  Let's just take a region that's low hanging right now. Then we'll get into another region. We'll do the regional cohort.  We'll do the Pacific. Well, right now we've got Northeast for sure. get, we, Pacific Northwest is, is, is, is, I saw a few districts in there.  There's Midwest. I know that it's populating right now. So that's three regions right there. you get to somebody in the South, East at some point. 47:46 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Corey, what if, interesting, you know, Corey, I mean, I sort of thought about it. Like you get in when you get in, like, we're going to talk to somebody today and it's like, cool.  You're ready to do this thing. Like, great. You're signed up. Here's the process. And they're going, um, and then maybe using.  Now until January as the incentive for people that get in now or getting, because the thing starts in January and we go January to, or something like that. 48:10 - Matthew Krasnow Jesse, I like the flexibility, but I'm wondering if like by standardizing it, it's like more legit. Like don't you think?  Well, do, Corey, like the idea. 48:20 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I know we're not talking about a RocketPD cohort, but I love the idea of like a national thing that RocketPD does where you got to, you know, be in by this time.  but then we could be taking this to Colorado, Oklahoma, you know, I'm not entirely following. 48:39 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) So you're, you're saying time bounds, start time, but also have it on a rolling basis. Yeah. You know how, like we, we've done cohorts where someone has said, Hey, I have a huge group of people. 48:52 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I need my own cohort. Your dates and times don't work for me. No, I don't want to do that. 48:56 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I don't think that ever works. So I think that you keep telling people to do that and then it just stops them from.  Ever buying anything. We need to give them the exact date this thing is starting. They need to get in by this date. 49:07 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) We only have five seats left. 49:08 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) We always only have five seats left. But you know what I mean? I don't want to give people an out to do their own thing.  That is the exact opposite of what I'm trying to do. 49:17 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I think we just have to, I mean, I think with where we want to bring these things, we have to, you know, in the instances where we're having direct district conversations, I think we can get them to move quickly.  When we're saying, hey, I want to bring this to the AI working group in USSA, the OK, and they're not meeting again until this time.  And then they've got all these, you know, other things they got going. they haven't, we've got to kind of get them moving.  I just, if we're giving ourselves enough runway, then I think, yeah, for sure. 49:45 - Matthew Krasnow Like, shouldn't you, shouldn't you be able to buy today to get into the cohort tomorrow or whenever it is?  Right. So it's like, we don't delay these deals. 49:57 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Right. 49:57 - Matthew Krasnow And maybe we even give them access to the software early. Right. So they can get. 50:01 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) One other thing. 50:02 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) If you're buying a standard deal, you're getting into the cohort. Right. And we're also selling it to the people who are buying non-standard, who say, I can't do a standard deal right now.  Cool. Our floor is this for you to get into the cohort. So everybody's getting into the cohort where there's no way.  Yeah. 50:21 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) mean, no, I love the sense of urgency because it's like, look, if you want to pilot him, here's how I'll work with you.  You can't have everything. You're going to have to, you know, good. I got to pilot, but you got to move now.  Thank you for doing the standard deal. 50:31 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) If you sign it by X date, you're into the cohort. Awesome. Yes. We can't do a standard deal. Oh, that's okay.  We've got this cool cohort thing kicking off here. There's a few spots left. This is the floor based on your district size.  This is what you should, if you were considering a pilot, consider this instead because it is less risky than a pilot. 50:55 - Matthew Krasnow And worst case scenario, they say no, and you send them the cohort results. And you say this is so freaking good.  Get in the next one. Right. And I love it. Matt, keep on going. Yeah. And I think kind of leads into the next part of this.  So I think once we kind of have, we want to have preliminary results and be updating these schools and kind of even just adjusting our own trajectory based on the initial things that we're seeing in the first six months or so.  So then between each kind of matched pair, we can begin to actually implement eval into those schools that were initially controls.  So this is like a stepped wedge kind of tactic where we can actually get more people onto eval that weren't initially on it and then compare before they had eval and then right after they have eval and then continue to study that information as well.  So... So... So... So... You And that continues just to further lead to these. Tell us a little bit about the specific outcomes that we're going to study, because I think that's something that we should all have feedback on.  Yeah, yeah. So I think number one is teacher growth. So if we can measure how well teachers are growing, if they are satisfied, and if they are, you know, you want to talk about the teacher retention index that we could kind of build here, to kind of estimate how well teachers are going to be retained based on the quality, the qualitative information and quantitative information that we collect from teachers and principals.  And then kind of the more secondary metrics would be like principal time saved, and then like human connection trust that even with AI or because of AI, we're getting more human connection and kind of.  Those human qualities that we can benefit from. 53:09 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I mean, just looking at these, they jive. I think that from a marketing standpoint, getting people involved, what I would ask for is data sets in the form of questions, right?  Like what are the types of things we're going to be asking people to do? And then finally, on the other side of that, and you kind of touched on it here, what are the outputs that you can expect, right?  Some insight into my teacher retention rates, some insight into my teacher engagement rates, some insights into my AI readiness rates, you know, whatever it might be.  That's what we're trying to say. What we're going to ask you to do and what you're going to get out of it.  Oh, cool. Like I'm going to get these five things out of this and all I've got to do is be a part of this group.  I'm in. Oh, we've got that. 53:57 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) And we're going to verticalize this too. 53:59 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) So like if you have a specific strategic challenge. We can put you in the subset, and you can get that data as well.  can put you in the subset, you can get that data as well. Yeah, yeah. 54:10 - Matthew Krasnow The three, you take part in this thing, there are three numbers you're going to get that indicate how good eval is or not, right?  Yeah, first two are standard. The third one is your subgroup, if you have them. Yep, I think that would be sick. 54:30 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) If you guys can just bullet point this out and maybe drop it to me, I'll start to mess with it.  And I think we can really quickly start to stand this. Like I said, Jesse's already got these people on text saying, like, that would be interesting, that would be interesting, that would be interesting.  So let's put it on paper, and let's paper them, and let's see if we can stand this thing up in the next couple of weeks, at least get it moving.  These things happen quickly if people see value. With this Hinojosa cohort, we just started marketing, what? Jesse, two weeks ago, we've used.  No flyers. We've used no websites. It's just been like calling these people, telling them what they're going to get out of the cohort, and they're sending us $5,000 a piece.  And I think the same thing could happen here, right? It's like, you know, as long as they see value.   easy, Jesse. Let's go. 55:23 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) They hear HOSA and they send checks. They're going to have to see Will. They're going to to see value.  And then they'll send checks. value in HOSA. 55:33 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) But I think if we can, again, if we can demonstrate this you out, bro. 55:37 - John Gamba Hey, listen, I'm serving up 10 plus opportunities here, and one is already done. 55:43 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) So, I mean. You ain't squared. Let's do it. 55:49 - Matthew Krasnow The other thing, too, that I think is really cool about phasing this out, and again, this, I think it warrants a Corey, Will, Matt discussion afterwards.  Just to really flesh this out, and then we can bring it to the group maybe for. Next stand up with very concrete details.  But if we have the pre-phase or whatever we want to call it, core one, I don't know, and that's fall, right?  We piggyback off those results and then we launch ourselves into some of this grant money. And so I'm not even talking digital promise and that stuff, which is a different discussion.  But I'm even saying I mentioned the grant writer we're working with, Quantily, Christina Steiner. We're going for tools and we're going to New School's venture firm.  And we've talked to – Before I forget, write this down. 56:33 - John Gamba And VitalPrize, write this down because I'm in tight with the VitalPrize. You guys have to think about VitalPrize. It's a million dollars, too.  This is ripe for that. And the people who are in charge of the VitalPrize, I'm now with in digital promise.  So there's a connection there. I'm sorry to interrupt, but I didn't want to forget that. No, that's not. And you're absolutely right, Will, to connect all of this so that they're not all in silos.  The work you're doing here in these – on cohorts and the work you're doing here with this – Research study can inform and be used as content for Christina, just a blast.  And all of a sudden you walk out to your mailbox and there's a check. It's amazing. It's really, really important.  And that's  non-dilutive, dude. Exactly. It's crazy money. 57:20 - Matthew Krasnow I mean, we're talking about this is, I mean, a ton of money. And Christina's already jazzed up. I was telling her about the work that we're doing.  She's jazzed up, right? She's one of these grants. She knows what it takes. And we're in a really great spot.  We put this into a cohort thing that's a national study with already preliminary great results and a  ton of schools. 57:39 - John Gamba That's how we got the 6 million, by the way, from the EIR, is we got it from that published report that you saw me post.  So people, Ben, because we started, you know, we had like phase 0.5, that informed the proposal that allowed us to do the 6 million EIR grant.  And that's sick, man. 57:59 - Matthew Krasnow And you're saying this, what Matthew's outlined is even. Yeah, think so. 58:05 - John Gamba I I don't know if Matthew can put the Harvard name on it. I think having PennGSE's name on things holds a lot of weight.  I'm thinking Andy, John. You're cutting out. 58:24 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Yeah, you know how I feel about that. 58:27 - Matthew Krasnow Okay. But yes, sure. I got you, I got you. I can't stop by not weighing in. 58:37 - John Gamba The challenge with that, and it's like, I'm like, yeah, yeah, a thousand times, yeah. And like Christina do the work and let Andy hold the brand, right?  I just want that. But then Andy and holding the brand gets a $6 million grant. I'm toast. What? I didn't hear about it.  So we've got a double-edged. How can we get this? Maybe just through me. 59:04 - Matthew Krasnow Through you. Can we put Penn's name on it through you? 59:07 - John Gamba Possibly, yeah. I want you to continue to work with Andy without me. 59:11 - Matthew Krasnow Is there a way to get Andy, Penn GSE, and then when we take it to the next phase? 59:18 - John Gamba No, there's a possibility of bypassing Andy without  him off and coming straight to me with a stretch of some money, with a little bit of cash.  My research for hire group is starting to come down on a starter pilot proposal that isn't $60,000. How much?  It's going to be something like what you got from Ann, where they started like $12,000, something like that, and then you can say we'll pay monthly, something like that.  Yeah. Okay, let's talk about that. 59:58 - Matthew Krasnow Yeah, we'll talk about it because we want to get the same thing here. 1:00:01 - John Gamba here. And we don't want to get into – because I'd love for it to be done right with the right people and not have to hide with all these politics.  No, I know. 1:00:13 - Matthew Krasnow So I have some more stuff. There's more stuff here. I also want to be cognizant of time. It's 11.  I could go to – I have a call at 11.15. 11.15. 1:00:22 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Yeah, I got a call at 11.30. 1:00:25 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Okay, so can we steam through until 15 and see what we can get? All right, sweet. 1:00:32 - Matthew Krasnow Corey, so interest of time, I could talk about some of my messaging feedback. We could also save that for a meeting between us and then bring that to the group, I'm thinking.  why don't you and I take that offline? 1:00:45 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Yeah. Because I don't know if everybody here will find as much value in that. But I think that the upshot of that, guys, is what we've all been talking about, this notion that we want to get to a more mission-driven solution that focuses on the relationships, right?  You know, it's funny. I sent that in. Email the other day is so true, right? Like there's a school of thought that says like, you know, and I, you know, I'm a pro education when I say this or pro K-12 education when I say this, but there's a school of thought that says like we might not need teachers in the same way we do in 10 years.  And there's a school of thought that says we absolutely need teachers more than ever because this stuff is, you know, needs a lens through which it can be applied.  And so I think the only way to sell is the latter right now because you can't take the no teacher argument into K-12 at this point.  But I think you can certainly take the enabler argument into K-12 at this point. And that's what the RocketPD community is showing.  If you can empower teachers and respect their professional intelligence, then you can be very, very successful. And I actually, I'm a full believer of the latter. 1:01:53 - Matthew Krasnow And we can talk about the great. 1:01:55 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I am too, but I've certainly, you know, I spent some time recently with a couple of my friends who have been.  In Silicon Valley for a while, and I'm telling them all the stuff we're doing with RocketPD, and they're kind of saying, well, what are you doing all that for?  We'll talk more about this, because I have a million thoughts. 1:02:15 - Matthew Krasnow So, all right, all right, let's skip that kind of stuff. Can we hear a little bit about Regional Centers of Excellence, Lighthouse?  Are we going to do some of these ERDI sessions? Is it going to align to this cohort? Like, how are we thinking about this? 1:02:32 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Okay, so I'm just pulling the agenda back up here, and I think that's a good place. So, yeah, let's talk a little bit about that.  know for our, you know, our sort of launch plan, what we talked about was setting up at least two Regional Centers of Excellence that we could begin to build off of.  We know we have, Jesse, this one in Lighthouse, but it got pushed to October. So, what I'd like to do is find us another opportunity to anchor this in for September.  September. September. And we need to decide where that is. Is that live? Is that virtual? What do we think?  I think in some way, if we can start to get this cohort set up, that can serve as one of these sort of, you know, regional strategies.  But I think we also have the thing going on in person. And then we want to do perhaps another, you know, virtual style thing.  And the virtual style, if do this cohort, that's a learning opportunity for people coming in. But I still think we can do another ERDI style panel of just superintendents and others giving us feedback on, you know, the solution.  So I don't think one precludes us necessarily from doing the other. I think there will be, there are people who are, we are prospecting, who are deals.  And those people should go into this cohort that we are forming. There are the regional ones that we can get into in person, which we should absolutely go to.  And then. Move those people into the cohort. And then there is this other thing of like people who might not be ready at all, not deals, but are very interested in AI and who we'd like to be partners with, who I think we should be standing up these ERDI style panels with and just doing virtually. 1:04:20 - Matthew Krasnow What I would love, Corey, is like, and I think would just be awesome for us, is I also don't want this to be something that we're doing that's sidetracking us from putting all of our resources into making this cohort thing just be freaking amazing.  What I would love is maybe we can get together 10 soups, whether it's from an ARDI organization or it's us ourselves, right?  And do it soon, do it before the cohort, right? And so we do everything we do with what we think is best for messaging, what we think is best for the cohort, and we go to them and we just show them the whole thing.  And we say, tear every hole in this. Use that to crash test this thing, and then we just go full force on the course.  I like it. 1:05:08 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I agree that it should come at the front end to give us some feedback. The question I have would probably be for Jesse.  mean, I probably got a handful of Supes that I think I could reach out to right now who would be interested in that.  I'm assuming, Jesse, you might feel the same way. If it's just a no risk, like review this thing with us, talk about AI, this is not a sales pitch.  We can probably make that happen. 1:05:31 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) There's also a group that, Will, you and I are talking to the superintendent in Norman, Oklahoma, who is, you know, sort of the leader on this AI work and is the head of a region in Oklahoma that meets once a month.  Their next meeting is September 12th. He's already sent me the schedule. You know, 7.30 in the morning breakfast meeting with all the superintendents from that region.  And I'm wondering if it's jumping on a plane and going and being. interesting. and In of these guys for an hour, two hours, get them breakfast.  We can get Hina Hosa's group into this too, because Scott Murray would love to be a part of this.  Yeah, I was thinking about figuring out how to get Scott to come to the October conference for USS, right?  Right, maybe this is way. Yeah, I mean, maybe. Yeah, maybe Will gets brought into one of these monthly meetings.  Actually, I mean, Corey, we've got... 1:06:36 - John Gamba Somebody should be scouring the speaking circuit and making sure that he can speak, panels, moderation. He who? ESV, South by Southwest. 1:06:49 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) He who? He who what? He who, Menehosa or Will? Will. 1:06:55 - John Gamba Will, okay. 1:06:56 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Yeah, I mean, we've got some dates that are airmarked for some stuff. IEI, right. 1:07:04 - John Gamba Right. 1:07:04 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) You know, and then I think Corey and I, as we think about where we are and what's out there and how quickly we can put some of this stuff together, like maybe it's multiple regions of, you know, centers and we'll get these guys together virtually when we can.  mean, there's a lot of people we can go to the well with to serve in that capacity or have stuff coming up that we can get in the machinery of.  So that's a parallel track, right? 1:07:30 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Let's get Will in front of as many people as possible and let's get this whole idea in front of as many people as possible through speaking engagements and things that are happening up here.  We can make a calendar for that. That's easy to do. I think below that is what are we doing very specifically with individuals who are being invited into special groups?  Individuals who are invited into special groups are either individuals who are participating in this front-end ERDI style panel, in this cohort that we're building, which we're bringing people into.  you very Or in any of these live regional lunch and learn type events that we're going to be at throughout the course of the next couple of quarters.  And so you have got your broad strategy. Where are you going around the world? You've got your localized strategy, right?  Who are we talking to in specific areas? A group of superintendents here to get feedback, a group of prospects and customers here to drive the cohort-based strategy, and a group of people at these regional meetings to continue to fill the cohort and the pipeline.  And that's the way the strategy looks. I love it. Yeah. I love it. I think those four things coupled together, and I'll document all this out in seminar round, those four things coupled together will fill the pipeline immediately, and it will keep the pipeline full in perpetuity.  And that's what we want to achieve. 1:09:00 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Let's think about a date. if we want To do this virtual thing, let's think about a date, and then I'll probably need Corey a couple of, could probably, John, you and I could probably swap something together quickly on a mock, a of the RDI virtual panel, but Corey, we can put something together, and I can get, I I already have four, six, seven people I can think of. 1:09:22 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Yeah, I've got at least five that I can think of right now who would do this in a second, so we'll fill it, no problem.  mean, we'll just set a date and do that. I think we will also fill this first cohort in fall at some point.  All I need from, all we need from you guys are data sets in the form of questions and the exact outputs that people are going to get, you know, I hate to say it, fake it till you make it, we can stand up a landing page, but at a certain point, like, we're going to have to actually, you know, have the presentable information to give to these people and make sure that we're not giving it all at the end, but that we're dripping out little bits along the way.  And then And at the end, they get a very nice, polished report. And then we don't just hand that to them, but we tell them how to take it to their administration.  And we give them some ideas for what they want to call out to make them look good so that we can continue to run together.  That's page four of that book. That's exactly right.  great, dude. 1:10:24 - Matthew Krasnow I'm thinking if we can shoot the week of the 25th, if that's too early for this cohort, let me know.  But it would be sick to be another cohort, the ERDI session, so that we can move lightning fast and try and put all this  together before then.  I'd love to get it done. 1:10:43 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) So if Hinojosa's logic holds true, right? Yeah. superintendents will be willing to listen to you, not this week and not next week, but the two weeks following.  So that would put you right at about where you're talking. Okay. Yeah. begin. Thank You know, is it a week later than that?  I don't know. We'll need to figure that out. But like it's somewhere right. If Hinn-Hosel's logic is true, then that is the window that we should be setting this up.  You're talking about to give that to me again? Well, Hinn-Hosel was telling us on the call Tuesday, remember, you know, the time to talk to superintendents is not this week and not next week.  That was on Tuesday. It is the week after that and the week after that. And I think that holds true for the majority, everyone that Hinn-Hosel is talking about, right? 1:11:36 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) Large districts, not in the Northeast, right? So I think we're going to, we'll find our friends in the Northeast getting schools going after Labor Day.  They might not be right. But yes, we should be able to get to Oklahoma and all sorts of other people.  It's not going to stop us from the shortlist. 1:11:56 - Matthew Krasnow So, so then the panel, the week of the 25th is when you'd want to, so that would make sense, right?  I think so. Oh, mean, it's the 25th of the week after. 1:12:05 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) don't do one of those two. So walking orders here would be like, let's get the idea for the panel set up.  I can sketch that out. I'll do two things. One, the high-level strategy that I mentioned with those four components.  The panel, which is the most near-term thing that's happening. And then what I need from you guys, Matt, in particular, are the data sets in the form of questions and the outputs from the cohort that we can begin to market to this group that we know we want to bring into the fall cohort experience as a starting point. 1:12:45 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) So just to put this out there, like, I mean, I love the idea of a panel, but I love the idea of just throwing everything we have into getting people into the cohort and maybe doing the panel a little bit later.  Well, I would say like, but the panel people. 1:13:02 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) They should be like friends of ours, right? Like, I mean, they don't know anything about this. 1:13:06 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) are. They don't know anything about You want to do the panel with them and have them come out of the panel saying, great, I'm going to send someone to the cohort?  Well, I think this panel should be- know five or six people who would love this. 1:13:19 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I do too. 1:13:20 - Jesse Leib (RocketPD) I mean, I do too. I know. I don't mean I do. 1:13:22 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I want them coming out of the panel saying, each one of them saying, I know five or six people who would love this. 1:13:28 - Matthew Krasnow And also, like, I think this panel should be more of an insight-oriented one anyways, right? Like, this is like, pick your people.  Even like, again, I said the Steve Murley's the world, right? Like, who like, you know, you're high-value people. Like, let's put them into the cohort and let's focus that.  But let's just make sure we have the cohort thing down right so then we can just freaking nail it, you know? 1:13:48 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) These people in the front-end panel, Jesse, they just need to be connectors. They need to be people who, like, will tell us the truth, who are, you know, they're not afraid to talk to us about this.  They don't feel like they're being sold to. And they know Oh, five or six other people. I was thinking like Scott Murray, he probably knows 15 people who would love to be in this cohort, but he doesn't know anything about this.  How can I get him excited about this? Let's bring him into this panel, make him feel good about getting a bird's eye view into this thing because he's all about AI and tech.  And then he'll be like, oh, this is awesome. I got to show this to my friends. That's the profile of the person that I want in this first panel.  This is awesome. And I got to show this to my friends because I'm a leader in this space. And if I don't show this to them, then I'm going to get run out of the room when they find out about it. 1:14:36 - John Gamba I got to go, but I want to say on the next Friday agenda, can we also have a five minute time of, because I don't want to dilute our focus.  This is awesome. And we got to nail this. But something with, I was thinking about with Ryan and you will, is what are we doing to get some of these low level leads that are going to come in and close them?  Like those leads that just say, I'm interested. Who's fielding them, who's demoing to them, who's closing them, because that's some, and I don't know if that's a Corey responsibility of landing pages and lists and blasts.  That's outside of this scope a little bit, but there's opportunities to be had there, I think. This is the direct principle, you know. 1:15:24 - Matthew Krasnow So I have a sick idea for that. 1:15:27 - John Gamba Next Friday, how about that? I don't want to, I don't want open that, but that's great, because you should all know.  I don't know if Jesse saw it, I don't know if Matt saw it, I don't know if Corey saw it, but I saw Ryan pitch this, and I think Will's awesome, and he's learning a lot, and he crushed one, and he can handle this.  At some point, Will's going to turn into Anurupa Ganguly, right? Too many things, too many directions, demoing everything all the time.  And we really need to think about that, and Ryan's got it, and we should be thinking about how to maximize.  Maximize. The bang for his buck. Jesse, what did you said? Oh, I'll see you, Jesse. Peace. Yeah, yeah. So on the next agenda, and wow, Corey's got a crazy idea.  I can't wait. I'll give it to you in 10 seconds. 10 seconds. 1:16:20 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) So we were calling it [k12guides.com](http://k12guides.com/), right? But this idea is if we could create a guide around AI, teacher eval, or just this AI topic, I'll give it to you in one sheet.  But like a guide, right? You bring people in through the guide, you push them through a podcast, you push them then to a recorded webinar, right?  And then everyone that signs up for that recorded webinar, now Ryan can BDR, schedule, and bring into meetings and close.  That's simple. And it's, guys, I can't tell you, we took our email list from zero people two years ago.  We're at 30,000 people now through this process. Now, some people will tell. Oh, lead magnets are dead. Not true in K-12.  K-12 people will download anything that is free. And once they do, you can nurture to them and very quickly get them engaged in something else.  Corey, I love it. 1:17:17 - Matthew Krasnow I'm thinking if it's cool with you, I'd love to set up a couple 15-minute check-ins. So because we seem like we have a lot of async  that we're going to do, we're going to come together.  So I'm thinking one for you, Matt, and I for research, one for you and me about messaging. And that one I'd actually like to make more than 15.  I'd like to talk about because I think we have a lot to talk about, both of us. And then one for the cohort with Jesse and probably you and John and me.  Does that make sense for a nice episode? Yeah. Yeah. 1:17:56 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I would love to have the messaging and just the marketing piece. We can do that separately. I would love for this meeting, you we kind of went all over the place, I would love for this meeting to talk, to turn into very focused around, you know, what are the low-hanging fruit we need to solve for, what are the big initiatives that we have going, what's on the product roadmap based on what we're hearing, so we can service that up to address objectives.  If this meeting turns into that, that'll be great, we can take the messaging and marketing sort of offline, and then I think the bigger picture framework, what I said, you're everywhere in the world, but you're also down here where we're localizing, I'll map that out and share it with the group. 1:18:37 - Matthew Krasnow Can we throw on some of those times now, like, Corey, when are you good for like a 30-minute session, we could just really get into the weeds with some of them. 1:18:48 - John Gamba Got a jet, happy Friday, y'all. Thanks, John. 1:18:50 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Thanks, John. So I'm typically good after 10 a.m. every day except for Monday. I mean, I got a little...  Things here and there, but, you know, most of my things can be moved if this takes a priority because the RocketPD stuff that I can move because I own it.  Hold on a second. I'm just looking at my calendar as I'm talking to you. How's 11 on Tuesday? 1:19:22 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) I'm there. 1:19:25 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Let's put it on for, send me an invite for 11 on Tuesday. I've got Hinojosa at 930 and I can take a little break, get some emails done.  Do you at 11 and I should be good. I'm going to give us 45 if that's okay. Perfect. 1:19:40 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) And then that will give me a moment to flush it out because I'm stoked. Yeah. And I think there's just so much freaking  for us to play with, with the messaging and I'm excited.  A lot. What you put out there and I've been playing with myself and it's going to be good. It's going to evolve and iterate over time. 1:19:59 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I think this gets us to a starting point. I think the. Key for me is, you know, you can tell I get excited.  I'll talk a lot about this stuff. I've got a lot of ideas. Stay focused on what's true, right, and what we know is going to be successful, which is this regionally-based strategy.  I love the idea of bringing the superintendents in on the front end, using the information we get out of that to expand the network, pushing people into this cohort-based experience to de-risk the opportunity, whether they're buying standard deals or cohort-based deals because they're too small.  And then on the back end, giving them the outputs that they can take to their community to demonstrate the value that's been achieved, which will keep them, you know, growing with us.  In the meantime, we're going to these regional events, and we're just continuing to feed the pipeline. Let's go, bro. 1:20:50 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) I love it. How about for, how about Wednesday at 12, can you meet with Matt and me to talk about the study?  I'm sure by then, Matt, we'll have more than enough time to do the stuff. 1:21:03 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Wednesday at 12, I would say I've got a revenue call. Can you do 1230? You're in Eastern time, right, Corey?  Yeah. Sweet. 1:21:11 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) 1230, this one can be probably quicker. I'll make it 30 minutes just in case. Revenue call usually goes longer than that 30 minutes. 1:21:19 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) So if you could make that 1230, that'll give me enough time. Yeah, of course. 1:21:23 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) 1230, let's call it cohort research alignment. You know, I'm going to make it 15 minutes. think that's all we need.  And then for you, me, Jesse, John, to talk about the 25th. Is that already in motion? Do we maybe not need to meet about that? 1:21:49 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I think we should meet about that one more time. I think we could. Yeah, I think the three of us should just be in line.  I want to know. We only have two weeks. I want to know who's inviting who. How many do we need in?  My guess is it's somewhere between five. Five and eight. 1:22:03 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) Is your Tuesday at one okay? Tuesday at one. 1:22:13 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Yeah, I've got a 1230, but it should be done by then. 1:22:19 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) So let's call it Corey, John, Jesse, Will, and then this is about ERDI session. And we'll align about that and tee something up really, really cool for then.  I'm well, I'm not there. I've invited you to that. And then I'm just going to throw on a couple because, holy , man, we covered a lot, which is great.  I'm with you about keeping in a little bit more structured. I apologize if I bought a lot. No, I did.  I did. 1:23:05 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) I get rolling on this stuff, too. And I just I want to make sure we get in and out of these meetings because we can kind of talk ourselves in circles.  I'm with you. 1:23:13 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) So how about so next steps here? We have the cohort on the week of 25th. I'm just putting this at bottom of our dock.  What else do we have? We have the, or no, not the cohort, the ERDI. We have a cohort, pushing it out, cohort alignments.  Next meeting is on the 20th, and then messaging. Sweet, right? Those are the three things. The ERDI session, the messaging work, and the cohort. 1:24:11 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Sweet, sweet. And my designer friend is here with me. So let me know if you guys, you know, if you want help with design.  I'm going to have him work on this graphic that I've been ideating on anyway, just to share it with the group.  I do. And then, you know, as you need more help or decide you want more, let me know. I can bring him in to assist.  But yeah, I mean, it's all front-end design, right? You know, like, you know, he can do website. He can do marketing.  can do all that stuff. branding, he'll do a phenomenal job if you're, if you need it. And we'd have to pay him, you know, something.  But, you know, we can figure out what that is. 1:24:41 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) Yeah, I think we should, like, even for the book, right? Like, when we talk about what that deliverable is, like, we should have that when we're selling, you know what I mean? 1:24:51 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Yeah. 1:24:51 - Will Krasnow (swiftscore) You know, and I, so that he would be  sick with that. So I think we should, I hear you, and I'm with it. 1:24:58 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Okay, boom. All right, this is awesome, guys. I really appreciate it. Thank you. Very excited about this. Ryan, it's good to meet you.  again, I think when we get to this system that we're developing, this notion of getting people into a funnel, having them go through and download something of interest, then do something more with it, meaning watch something like a recorded webinar on the topic, then get them into a demo.  And once you get them into the demo, it's just A or B. Do you want a standard deal? Yes, cool.  If you sign by this date, you get into the cohort. Oh, you can't do a standard deal because you don't have enough funding or whatever it is at this point.  But did you know we have this cohort-based opportunity where we can de-risk the engagement for you? So it's A or B, depending on what the output of that meeting is.  But either way, you have an option for them to purchase. Yeah, that sounds great. Sounds really good. 1:25:54 - Ryan Delfico Cool. 1:25:55 - Corey Murray (RocketPD) Let's do it, boys. Thank you, guys. This is great. Nice meeting you, Gord. See you, guys.