Alright, yeah, so right now what we are trying to do is develop a one pager for this research study. What we want to do, essentially, the first step is to do a literature review. We need to do a literature review to create educated questions which our research study will be answering. We have essentially the proposal, the outline, and a bunch of other documents which have already been written. But we just want to clarify these questions so that they are literature backed and very clearly and intelligently formatted and written. We want to do a detailed literature review for our introduction so that we can properly frame our study within the context of the recent educational developments and AI developments. We want to convey the study idea in this one pager. We want the overall structure to be simple and easy to understand without compromising detail or the actual meaning of what we are doing. So we need to convey all of these things in a simple and understandable way. We will frame it in the following order. There will be a title. The first thing will be essentially the "why" we are doing this, which is the research aims and the questions. So we want to kind of convey what the need is here, why are we doing this, and what are we aiming to get out of this? What questions are we looking to answer? The second part is what we will do to implement these and answer these questions. So what are we going to do to get the answers to these questions? This information can be found in our documents in the codebase. And then the next part is what we need. So what do we need to actually get this done? We have eval by Swift score, which is a company which will connect us with many schools and actually allow us the data collection and participants. We are looking to partner with Penn GSE  to get mentoring and guidance for Matt Krasnow, the researcher who will be implementing the study first hand. And we need the kind of effective ways of communicating this. So we want to publish this research, we want to get it out there, and the best people to do that, and the people who are the most knowledgeable in getting publications are the professors, the Penn GSE people. And the labs there. Those two things, what we will do and what we will need are essentially the how of this project. And finally, the what of the project is the deliverables. These deliverables are the answers to these questions, the results of our findings, and the formatting that they will be in. So essentially these will kind of be the overall findings of this, how eval by Swift score is developing as a product. Guidelines for best implementation and use of AI and eval by users. And internal guidelines for how eval by Swift Score and for example other AI companies can develop AI systems that work towards the goals we are working on in ethical ways. 

Further kind of details on this project are we want to study clustering and different effects between groups. For example, we will have multiple different regions that we are including. So for Ohio, Massachusetts, other parts of the country, and we also will have charter schools, public schools, and we want to study the inter-effects of the tool used on these groups. We want to also study the people that are using it, the kinds of people, etc.